# Project Outline
For this assignment, you will submit a high-level outline of your project. This can, and likely will, change over time. In particular, your mentor will provide direction and feedback to help sharpen your ideas. So don't worry if you feel unsure about some aspects of the outline or if you have to change some things later.

## Assignment Description
[Project Outline Assignment](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/modules/assignments/project-outline)

## Submission Instructions

### Overview

Our project will be a website application that will allow users to find adoptable pets by searching a location/area of their choosing.The user will type in a zip code or address of the area they would like to search, and the results will display adoptable pets within a given range. A picture and small sample of information for multiple animals will be displayed on the search result page. Users will be able to click on the animal’s picture/name to be taken to that pets page (generated by API). This page will display a little more information about the animal, as well as contact info for the organization they are adoptable from. In addition, there will also be a map feature on this page showing the location of the pet’s organization, and the option to get directions to said organization.

User registration will not be required to use the app, however, there will be a login feature. Users that do opt to make an account will have the option to save pages of pets they like to refer back to. There will be a save/favorite button on each pet’s page.

### Features

-Users can view adoptable pets in their area by simple location search. 

-Users will have the choice to make an account or not.

-Users who make an account have the option to save animals they are interested in to a list for later reference.

-Each pet’s page will have a Google maps feature (API) showing location of the animal/organization. Users will be able to find directions straight from the pet's page.

-All information about the adoptable animals will come from PetFinder API.

### Technologies

-Java

-Javascript

-Spring Boot

-Thymeleaf Templates

-Bootstrap

-My SQL

### What I'll Have to Learn

We will have to decide the scope of the project.

How many pets would we like to display on the Favorites Page?
How much information do we want  to display for each pet on the Pet Details page?
A valid user verification system for the Password creation?
How much access do we give users who have not created an account vs what we give to those that have (e.g. is everything available or can only users with a registration create Favorites, etc.)?

In addition, are we going through the actual process of deploying this application to Pivotal Web Services and using Cloud Foundry to manage the deployment? (I am assuming this would make it live on the web, but I am not 100% sure)

We are also planning to use the Google Maps public API, so we will have to learn how to incorporate this in our project.  This will involve connecting the API using our Pets location.  The goal here is to provide the user with the distance needed to travel to adopt the pet.

### Project Tracker

https://trello.com/b/t6j9ndf9/liftoff-project
